Prelude:
TK Base is sometime in the future.
They have mastered controling time through the rift in the bad lands. 
They have high technology that lets them see all anomolies in the flow of time.
They hunt down and capture people chainging time for their own good.
They have the ability to go forward in time, which Tech's equipment does not.
G&T can kill as many TK as they want. They don't actually die, but automatically get teleported back to their base at the moment before death.
Try and make this mission 15 minutes atleast. Please?


Gameplay:
Ghost and Tech wake up in seprate jail cells in the TK base.
	-Ways to escape the jail cell
		-Flush the toilet untill it overflows then pickpocket the guard while he's not looking and lock him in the cell.
			-This causes the jail guard to call for reinforcements who will come down the elevator after X seconds. Escape up the duct work to escape.
		-Bang on the cell bars untill the guard gets pissed off and opens the door to beat you. Then lock him in the cell.
			-This causes the jail guard to call for reinforcements who will come down the elevator after X seconds. Escape up the duct work to escape.
		-If you wait long enough TK will come to interogate you. Right before the interogation starts the lights go out, Tech was able to hack the electronics through his radio. You take the guards guns and make a run for it.

Ghost has to stealth his way to the TK armory and get their explosives. Then go back to the cell and make the door to Tech's cell go bye bye. With explosives.

This of course sets off a "few" alarms.

The mission then turns to investigating how Tech and Ghost were traced, and finding a way back to their own base.

Gameplay it comes down to lots of M4 shooting, medkit using, ammo collecting before ariving at central command thing. It has computers.

G&T find they are actually being held at the TK base (X)years in the future. There is a TK chrono tube that will allow them to return to their own time but they have to get to it / unlock it / power it up / extend the play time of the mission / give me an excuse to write and use another screen effect

They find out about the hole in time thing that was letting the TK find them. Mission becomes wreck TK computer system (multi part boss!) 

After fighting boss head TK goes "blah blah, efforts are futile. We control time, can do whatever we want. Restore TK base, etc". Seperates Ghost and Tech. 

Mission 4. I choose you! It's super effective!